So, yes, there is a class named Class,
and this is what we are going to cover first.
We are going to see two things with this class named Class,
first,
how to get an instance of this class because we cannot
create a class just by calling new class,
for instance, this is not possible, and second,
what we can do with it.
First, it is not possible to create yourself a class instance.
In fact, there is a way to create class instances,
a very particular way, very technical,
which is sometimes used in certain frameworks.
We are not going to cover this point.
This is outside of the scope of this course,
and you do not usually need to do that in your applications.
So the question is, how is it possible to get a reference to a class instance?
Well, there are several patterns to do that.
The first one is querying an existing object for its class.
The second one is that when you know a class by its name,
it is easy to get a reference on the corresponding class object.
And a third one, when you get the name of a class at runtime only,
that is your name that is not known at compile time,
you can also get a reference on the corresponding class as long as this class is known from your application.